The young man's teeth are in the elephant, which is the uncle
Leave him alone.
Do you hear me?
Tooth people in the building but uncle
I now order you to apologize to my boyfriend immediately
Your little girl
Or just forget it
It's okay if the aunt doesn't give it.
Our Great Xia must accept the rules of our Great Xia
You must apologize today
I am Asian people
You Daxia people have to get used to me
Okay, you people
First come first served first served
Since you still bully the old and the weak
Hey, my international friends
It's not too far to come to this building
Isn't that the strong brother seat?
You, you, you can do it?
You're right.
It is a blessing for the building that my boyfriend comes to the building
You two bastards
They've disgraced our building.
He's an inexplicable little monster who dares to run wild under us
It's all used to scum like you
Hmph, I'm used to what he does to me
This slap hits you with admiration for foreigners
You you what you
You don't understand the shame of this slap
This slap
You don't understand self-esteem
Husband hit me
How dare you hit my girlfriend?
Ah, you don't care if the master hits someone
I'm done soon, my daughter-in-law will save me
Don't worry.
Okay, you're a bully and afraid of hard things.
Puffed up at people
You look down on a sheep
today
I even packed up your nation's defeat together